Milei triumphs in Argentine midterm elections | AP News Menu World SECTIONS Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa TOP STORIES Residents burn an Ebola treatment center in Congo as anger grows over the outbreak Documents show Queen Elizabeth was eager for ex-Prince Andrew to become trade envoy The differences — and similarities — in the Trump and Putin visits to China Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. The Afternoon Wire Get caught up on what you may have missed throughout the day. See All Newsletters U.S. SECTIONS Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths TOP STORIES 3 dead in New Mexico and first responders decontaminated after exposure to unknown substance The teens who attacked the Islamic Center of San Diego were latest to cite prior atrocities Woman at center of sprawling Minnesota fraud gets nearly 42-year prison sentence Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. See All Newsletters AP QUIZZES Test Your News I.Q. — take today’s quiz Politics SECTIONS 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game TOP STORIES Backlash to Trump's $1.8B settlement fund delays GOP immigration bill Facing intense internal pressure, DNC releases postelection autopsy that criticizes Kamala Harris Trump eases refrigerant rule in a bid to address surging grocery costs Newsletters Ground Game Exclusive insights and key stories from the world of politics. See All Newsletters Sports SECTIONS NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing TOP STORIES 2-time NASCAR champ Kyle Busch dies at 41 after being hospitalized with a 'severe illness' Howard Fendrich, award-winning AP national sports writer and tennis expert, dies at 55 FIFA’s big experiment may have made the World Cup too big for its own good Newsletters AP Top 25 Poll Alerts Get email alerts for every college football Top 25 Poll release. The Sports Wire Your home base for in-depth reporting from the world of sports. See All Newsletters Entertainment SECTIONS Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books TOP STORIES Stephen Colbert is saying goodbye to 'The Late Show.' How it ends is still a secret Michigan woman whose name inspired band to become Greta Van Fleet dies at 95 The Cannes Film Festival away from the carpet, in photos Newsletters AP Entertainment Wire Get AP's first personalized newsletter delivering you entertainment news twice a week. See All Newsletters Business SECTIONS Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology TOP STORIES SpaceX reveals plans for what could be the biggest-ever initial public offering Nvidia Q1 results surpass Wall Street expectations thanks to massive AI chip demand House committee discusses modernizing the TSA as Trump seeks to privatize airport screening Science SECTIONS Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine TOP STORIES Dying star resembles a billowing crystal ball in new telescope photo Fact Check Oddities TOP STORIES Lettuce introduce you to the live frog found in this grocery store salad bag A humpback whale briefly swallows kayaker in Chilean Patagonia — and it's all captured on camera Viral phenomenon in Argentina has young people identifying themselves as animals Nipper, stay! The future of a beloved dog statue on a New York warehouse is up in the air How 2 men claimed an absurd record by driving an old 3-wheel car the length of Africa 1 million bees make for bumper-to-buzzer traffic on a Tennessee highway ramp Be Well SECTIONS Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key Newsletters Photography SECTIONS Photo Essays TOP STORIES How a low angle and fast lens shaped a photo of Jannik Sinner A photo captures President Trump and first lady awaiting British royals from rare White House angle Democrats are becoming a force in traditionally conservative The Villages Newsletters The World in Pictures Get The AP’s most compelling photographs sent directly to your inbox. See All Newsletters AP Investigations Climate SECTIONS Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus TOP STORIES Plastic bags don't go in the recycling bin. What should you do instead? Kansas farmers hit hard by weather extremes and growing costs, wheat crop could be worst since 1972 Atlantic hurricane season forecast to be milder than normal thanks to El Nino Health TOP STORIES RFK Jr. fires leaders of group that sets guidelines for preventive health screenings Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key What to know about the Bundibugyo virus, a species of Ebola causing an outbreak in Congo PCOS is now called PMOS. What the name change means for care US health officials order quarantine for 2 passengers from cruise ship with hantavirus outbreak Tech SECTIONS Artificial Intelligence Social Media TOP STORIES Google announces slew of AI advances, including a personal AI assistant coming soon One Tech Tip: Don't use rice for your device. Here's how to dry out your smartphone Tech CEOs summoned to Congress for another hearing on social media's risks for children Lifestyle SECTIONS Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks How to mulch your garden beds without harming plants Colorful 'Greetings from' postcards reflected American innovation, idealism Religion TOP STORIES Thousands flocked to the National Mall in Washington for an America-themed prayer rally Pope and co-founder of Anthropic to launch pontiff's AI encyclical on May 25 Journey of a lifetime: A US teen Buddhist lama is now a monk studying in the Himalayan foothills Newsletters World of Faith Comprehensive global coverage of how religion shapes our world. See All Newsletters Español SECTIONS Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA TOP STORIES Gobierno de EEUU acepta retirar reclamos fiscales contra Trump como parte de acuerdo en demanda Trump firma orden para que los bancos revisen más de cerca el estatus migratorio de sus clientes Aumentan los temores en el Congo por la rápida propagación de un tipo raro de ébola Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct World Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East U.S. Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths Politics 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game Sports NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books Business Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology Science Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine Fact Check Oddities Be Well Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well Newsletters Photography Photo Essays AP Investigations Climate Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus Health Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets Religion Español Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct MORE World Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East U.S. Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths Politics 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game Sports NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books Business Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology Science Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine Fact Check Oddities Be Well Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well Newsletters Photography Photo Essays AP Investigations Climate Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus Health Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets Religion Español Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct Sign in Search Query Submit Search Show Search Menu Submit Search World Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East SECTIONS Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa TOP STORIES Residents burn an Ebola treatment center in Congo as anger grows over the outbreak Documents show Queen Elizabeth was eager for ex-Prince Andrew to become trade envoy The differences — and similarities — in the Trump and Putin visits to China Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. The Afternoon Wire Get caught up on what you may have missed throughout the day. See All Newsletters U.S. Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths SECTIONS Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths TOP STORIES 3 dead in New Mexico and first responders decontaminated after exposure to unknown substance The teens who attacked the Islamic Center of San Diego were latest to cite prior atrocities Woman at center of sprawling Minnesota fraud gets nearly 42-year prison sentence Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. See All Newsletters AP QUIZZES Test Your News I.Q. — take today’s quiz Politics 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game SECTIONS 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game TOP STORIES Backlash to Trump's $1.8B settlement fund delays GOP immigration bill Facing intense internal pressure, DNC releases postelection autopsy that criticizes Kamala Harris Trump eases refrigerant rule in a bid to address surging grocery costs Newsletters Ground Game Exclusive insights and key stories from the world of politics. See All Newsletters Sports NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing SECTIONS NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing TOP STORIES 2-time NASCAR champ Kyle Busch dies at 41 after being hospitalized with a 'severe illness' Howard Fendrich, award-winning AP national sports writer and tennis expert, dies at 55 FIFA’s big experiment may have made the World Cup too big for its own good Newsletters AP Top 25 Poll Alerts Get email alerts for every college football Top 25 Poll release. The Sports Wire Your home base for in-depth reporting from the world of sports. See All Newsletters Entertainment Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books SECTIONS Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books TOP STORIES Stephen Colbert is saying goodbye to 'The Late Show.' How it ends is still a secret Michigan woman whose name inspired band to become Greta Van Fleet dies at 95 The Cannes Film Festival away from the carpet, in photos Newsletters AP Entertainment Wire Get AP's first personalized newsletter delivering you entertainment news twice a week. See All Newsletters Business Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology SECTIONS Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology TOP STORIES SpaceX reveals plans for what could be the biggest-ever initial public offering Nvidia Q1 results surpass Wall Street expectations thanks to massive AI chip demand House committee discusses modernizing the TSA as Trump seeks to privatize airport screening Science Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine SECTIONS Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine TOP STORIES Dying star resembles a billowing crystal ball in new telescope photo Fact Check Oddities TOP STORIES Lettuce introduce you to the live frog found in this grocery store salad bag A humpback whale briefly swallows kayaker in Chilean Patagonia — and it's all captured on camera Viral phenomenon in Argentina has young people identifying themselves as animals Nipper, stay! The future of a beloved dog statue on a New York warehouse is up in the air How 2 men claimed an absurd record by driving an old 3-wheel car the length of Africa 1 million bees make for bumper-to-buzzer traffic on a Tennessee highway ramp Be Well Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well SECTIONS Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key Newsletters Photography Photo Essays SECTIONS Photo Essays TOP STORIES How a low angle and fast lens shaped a photo of Jannik Sinner A photo captures President Trump and first lady awaiting British royals from rare White House angle Democrats are becoming a force in traditionally conservative The Villages Newsletters The World in Pictures Get The AP’s most compelling photographs sent directly to your inbox. See All Newsletters AP Investigations Climate Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus SECTIONS Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus TOP STORIES Plastic bags don't go in the recycling bin. What should you do instead? Kansas farmers hit hard by weather extremes and growing costs, wheat crop could be worst since 1972 Atlantic hurricane season forecast to be milder than normal thanks to El Nino Health TOP STORIES RFK Jr. fires leaders of group that sets guidelines for preventive health screenings Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key What to know about the Bundibugyo virus, a species of Ebola causing an outbreak in Congo PCOS is now called PMOS. What the name change means for care US health officials order quarantine for 2 passengers from cruise ship with hantavirus outbreak Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media SECTIONS Artificial Intelligence Social Media TOP STORIES Google announces slew of AI advances, including a personal AI assistant coming soon One Tech Tip: Don't use rice for your device. Here's how to dry out your smartphone Tech CEOs summoned to Congress for another hearing on social media's risks for children Lifestyle Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets SECTIONS Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks How to mulch your garden beds without harming plants Colorful 'Greetings from' postcards reflected American innovation, idealism Religion TOP STORIES Thousands flocked to the National Mall in Washington for an America-themed prayer rally Pope and co-founder of Anthropic to launch pontiff's AI encyclical on May 25 Journey of a lifetime: A US teen Buddhist lama is now a monk studying in the Himalayan foothills Newsletters World of Faith Comprehensive global coverage of how religion shapes our world. See All Newsletters Español Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA SECTIONS Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA TOP STORIES Gobierno de EEUU acepta retirar reclamos fiscales contra Trump como parte de acuerdo en demanda Trump firma orden para que los bancos revisen más de cerca el estatus migratorio de sus clientes Aumentan los temores en el Congo por la rápida propagación de un tipo raro de ébola Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day. twitter instagram facebook From AP News About Contact Us Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information CA Notice of Collection The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook AP News Code of Conduct From AP News About Contact Us Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information CA Notice of Collection The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook AP News Code of Conduct SECTIONS ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog Copyright 2026 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. Menu World SECTIONS Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa TOP STORIES Residents burn an Ebola treatment center in Congo as anger grows over the outbreak Documents show Queen Elizabeth was eager for ex-Prince Andrew to become trade envoy The differences — and similarities — in the Trump and Putin visits to China Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. The Afternoon Wire Get caught up on what you may have missed throughout the day. See All Newsletters U.S. SECTIONS Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths TOP STORIES 3 dead in New Mexico and first responders decontaminated after exposure to unknown substance The teens who attacked the Islamic Center of San Diego were latest to cite prior atrocities Woman at center of sprawling Minnesota fraud gets nearly 42-year prison sentence Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. See All Newsletters AP QUIZZES Test Your News I.Q. — take today’s quiz Politics SECTIONS 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game TOP STORIES Backlash to Trump's $1.8B settlement fund delays GOP immigration bill Facing intense internal pressure, DNC releases postelection autopsy that criticizes Kamala Harris Trump eases refrigerant rule in a bid to address surging grocery costs Newsletters Ground Game Exclusive insights and key stories from the world of politics. See All Newsletters Sports SECTIONS NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing TOP STORIES 2-time NASCAR champ Kyle Busch dies at 41 after being hospitalized with a 'severe illness' Howard Fendrich, award-winning AP national sports writer and tennis expert, dies at 55 FIFA’s big experiment may have made the World Cup too big for its own good Newsletters AP Top 25 Poll Alerts Get email alerts for every college football Top 25 Poll release. The Sports Wire Your home base for in-depth reporting from the world of sports. See All Newsletters Entertainment SECTIONS Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books TOP STORIES Stephen Colbert is saying goodbye to 'The Late Show.' How it ends is still a secret Michigan woman whose name inspired band to become Greta Van Fleet dies at 95 The Cannes Film Festival away from the carpet, in photos Newsletters AP Entertainment Wire Get AP's first personalized newsletter delivering you entertainment news twice a week. See All Newsletters Business SECTIONS Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology TOP STORIES SpaceX reveals plans for what could be the biggest-ever initial public offering Nvidia Q1 results surpass Wall Street expectations thanks to massive AI chip demand House committee discusses modernizing the TSA as Trump seeks to privatize airport screening Science SECTIONS Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine TOP STORIES Dying star resembles a billowing crystal ball in new telescope photo Fact Check Oddities TOP STORIES Lettuce introduce you to the live frog found in this grocery store salad bag A humpback whale briefly swallows kayaker in Chilean Patagonia — and it's all captured on camera Viral phenomenon in Argentina has young people identifying themselves as animals Nipper, stay! The future of a beloved dog statue on a New York warehouse is up in the air How 2 men claimed an absurd record by driving an old 3-wheel car the length of Africa 1 million bees make for bumper-to-buzzer traffic on a Tennessee highway ramp Be Well SECTIONS Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key Newsletters Photography SECTIONS Photo Essays TOP STORIES How a low angle and fast lens shaped a photo of Jannik Sinner A photo captures President Trump and first lady awaiting British royals from rare White House angle Democrats are becoming a force in traditionally conservative The Villages Newsletters The World in Pictures Get The AP’s most compelling photographs sent directly to your inbox. See All Newsletters AP Investigations Climate SECTIONS Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus TOP STORIES Plastic bags don't go in the recycling bin. What should you do instead? Kansas farmers hit hard by weather extremes and growing costs, wheat crop could be worst since 1972 Atlantic hurricane season forecast to be milder than normal thanks to El Nino Health TOP STORIES RFK Jr. fires leaders of group that sets guidelines for preventive health screenings Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key What to know about the Bundibugyo virus, a species of Ebola causing an outbreak in Congo PCOS is now called PMOS. What the name change means for care US health officials order quarantine for 2 passengers from cruise ship with hantavirus outbreak Tech SECTIONS Artificial Intelligence Social Media TOP STORIES Google announces slew of AI advances, including a personal AI assistant coming soon One Tech Tip: Don't use rice for your device. Here's how to dry out your smartphone Tech CEOs summoned to Congress for another hearing on social media's risks for children Lifestyle SECTIONS Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks How to mulch your garden beds without harming plants Colorful 'Greetings from' postcards reflected American innovation, idealism Religion TOP STORIES Thousands flocked to the National Mall in Washington for an America-themed prayer rally Pope and co-founder of Anthropic to launch pontiff's AI encyclical on May 25 Journey of a lifetime: A US teen Buddhist lama is now a monk studying in the Himalayan foothills Newsletters World of Faith Comprehensive global coverage of how religion shapes our world. See All Newsletters Español SECTIONS Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA TOP STORIES Gobierno de EEUU acepta retirar reclamos fiscales contra Trump como parte de acuerdo en demanda Trump firma orden para que los bancos revisen más de cerca el estatus migratorio de sus clientes Aumentan los temores en el Congo por la rápida propagación de un tipo raro de ébola Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct World Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East U.S. Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths Politics 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game Sports NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books Business Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology Science Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine Fact Check Oddities Be Well Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well Newsletters Photography Photo Essays AP Investigations Climate Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus Health Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets Religion Español Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct MORE World Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East U.S. Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths Politics 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game Sports NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books Business Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology Science Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine Fact Check Oddities Be Well Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well Newsletters Photography Photo Essays AP Investigations Climate Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus Health Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets Religion Español Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct Sign in Search Query Submit Search Show Search Menu Submit Search World Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East SECTIONS Iran war Russia-Ukraine war Español China Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa TOP STORIES Residents burn an Ebola treatment center in Congo as anger grows over the outbreak Documents show Queen Elizabeth was eager for ex-Prince Andrew to become trade envoy The differences — and similarities — in the Trump and Putin visits to China Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. The Afternoon Wire Get caught up on what you may have missed throughout the day. See All Newsletters U.S. Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths SECTIONS Immigration Weather Education Transportation Abortion LGBTQ+ Notable Deaths TOP STORIES 3 dead in New Mexico and first responders decontaminated after exposure to unknown substance The teens who attacked the Islamic Center of San Diego were latest to cite prior atrocities Woman at center of sprawling Minnesota fraud gets nearly 42-year prison sentence Newsletters The Morning Wire Our flagship newsletter breaks down the biggest headlines of the day. See All Newsletters AP QUIZZES Test Your News I.Q. — take today’s quiz Politics 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game SECTIONS 2026 Elections Election Results Election calendar White House Congress Supreme Court The latest AP-NORC polls Ground Game TOP STORIES Backlash to Trump's $1.8B settlement fund delays GOP immigration bill Facing intense internal pressure, DNC releases postelection autopsy that criticizes Kamala Harris Trump eases refrigerant rule in a bid to address surging grocery costs Newsletters Ground Game Exclusive insights and key stories from the world of politics. See All Newsletters Sports NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing SECTIONS NBA MLB NFL NHL Golf Soccer FIFA World Cup Auto Racing TOP STORIES 2-time NASCAR champ Kyle Busch dies at 41 after being hospitalized with a 'severe illness' Howard Fendrich, award-winning AP national sports writer and tennis expert, dies at 55 FIFA’s big experiment may have made the World Cup too big for its own good Newsletters AP Top 25 Poll Alerts Get email alerts for every college football Top 25 Poll release. The Sports Wire Your home base for in-depth reporting from the world of sports. See All Newsletters Entertainment Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books SECTIONS Movies Fashion Television Celebrity Interviews Music Books TOP STORIES Stephen Colbert is saying goodbye to 'The Late Show.' How it ends is still a secret Michigan woman whose name inspired band to become Greta Van Fleet dies at 95 The Cannes Film Festival away from the carpet, in photos Newsletters AP Entertainment Wire Get AP's first personalized newsletter delivering you entertainment news twice a week. See All Newsletters Business Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology SECTIONS Tariffs Inflation Financial Markets Financial Wellness Technology TOP STORIES SpaceX reveals plans for what could be the biggest-ever initial public offering Nvidia Q1 results surpass Wall Street expectations thanks to massive AI chip demand House committee discusses modernizing the TSA as Trump seeks to privatize airport screening Science Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine SECTIONS Space Animals The Ancient World Climate Medicine TOP STORIES Dying star resembles a billowing crystal ball in new telescope photo Fact Check Oddities TOP STORIES Lettuce introduce you to the live frog found in this grocery store salad bag A humpback whale briefly swallows kayaker in Chilean Patagonia — and it's all captured on camera Viral phenomenon in Argentina has young people identifying themselves as animals Nipper, stay! The future of a beloved dog statue on a New York warehouse is up in the air How 2 men claimed an absurd record by driving an old 3-wheel car the length of Africa 1 million bees make for bumper-to-buzzer traffic on a Tennessee highway ramp Be Well Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well SECTIONS Trending Better health At home Working well For the climate Eating well TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key Newsletters Photography Photo Essays SECTIONS Photo Essays TOP STORIES How a low angle and fast lens shaped a photo of Jannik Sinner A photo captures President Trump and first lady awaiting British royals from rare White House angle Democrats are becoming a force in traditionally conservative The Villages Newsletters The World in Pictures Get The AP’s most compelling photographs sent directly to your inbox. See All Newsletters AP Investigations Climate Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus SECTIONS Indigenous peoples and climate Climate Questions Climate Migration India Focus TOP STORIES Plastic bags don't go in the recycling bin. What should you do instead? Kansas farmers hit hard by weather extremes and growing costs, wheat crop could be worst since 1972 Atlantic hurricane season forecast to be milder than normal thanks to El Nino Health TOP STORIES RFK Jr. fires leaders of group that sets guidelines for preventive health screenings Being a night owl may not be great for your heart but you can do something about it As demand for GLP-1 pills and shots surges, healthy habits are still key What to know about the Bundibugyo virus, a species of Ebola causing an outbreak in Congo PCOS is now called PMOS. What the name change means for care US health officials order quarantine for 2 passengers from cruise ship with hantavirus outbreak Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media SECTIONS Artificial Intelligence Social Media TOP STORIES Google announces slew of AI advances, including a personal AI assistant coming soon One Tech Tip: Don't use rice for your device. Here's how to dry out your smartphone Tech CEOs summoned to Congress for another hearing on social media's risks for children Lifestyle Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets SECTIONS Food & Recipes Gardening Fashion Homes Travel Pets TOP STORIES Why some people are seeing mental health benefits in everyday tasks How to mulch your garden beds without harming plants Colorful 'Greetings from' postcards reflected American innovation, idealism Religion TOP STORIES Thousands flocked to the National Mall in Washington for an America-themed prayer rally Pope and co-founder of Anthropic to launch pontiff's AI encyclical on May 25 Journey of a lifetime: A US teen Buddhist lama is now a monk studying in the Himalayan foothills Newsletters World of Faith Comprehensive global coverage of how religion shapes our world. See All Newsletters Español Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA SECTIONS Política de EEUU Deportes Mundial de Fútbol FIFA TOP STORIES Gobierno de EEUU acepta retirar reclamos fiscales contra Trump como parte de acuerdo en demanda Trump firma orden para que los bancos revisen más de cerca el estatus migratorio de sus clientes Aumentan los temores en el Congo por la rápida propagación de un tipo raro de ébola Most watched videos Standards Quizzes Press Releases My Account AP News Code of Conduct The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day. twitter instagram facebook From AP News About Contact Us Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information CA Notice of Collection The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook AP News Code of Conduct From AP News About Contact Us Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information CA Notice of Collection The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook AP News Code of Conduct SECTIONS ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog Copyright 2026 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. World News Milei triumphs in Argentine midterm elections closely watched by Washington Milei triumphs in Argentine midterm elections closely watched by Washington 1 of 7  |  Argentina’s libertarian President Javier Milei won decisive victories in key districts across the country in midterm elections on Sunday. The opposition leader Axel Kicillof said it would be a “mistake” for libertarian President Javier Milei to celebrate his decisive victories in the country’s midterm elections. (AP video shot by Victor R. Calvano and Cristian Kovadloff) Read More 2 of 7  |  Argentines began voting Sunday in a high-stakes midterm election that could help shape libertarian President Javier Milei’s political path — and the future of U.S. financial support for his government. (AP Video by Victor R. Caivano and Cristian Kovadloff) Read More 3 of 7  |  Argentina’s President Javier Milei celebrates after winning in legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) Read More 4 of 7  |  A woman holds a banner reading in Spanish, “Trump or homeland,” outside former President Cristina Fernandez’s home, where she is serving a six-year house arrest sentence for corruption, after polls closed during legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) Read More 5 of 7  |  Supporters of the opposition Peronist party gather at their campaign headquarters in La Plata, Argentina, after polls closed in legislative midterm elections, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025.(AP Photo/Gustavo Garello) Read More 6 of 7  |  Argentina’s President Javier Milei votes during legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) Read More 7 of 7  |  Argentina’s President Javier Milei greets supporters after winning in legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) Read More Milei triumphs in Argentine midterm elections closely watched by Washington Read More 1 of 7 Argentina’s libertarian President Javier Milei won decisive victories in key districts across the country in midterm elections on Sunday. The opposition leader Axel Kicillof said it would be a “mistake” for libertarian President Javier Milei to celebrate his decisive victories in the country’s midterm elections. (AP video shot by Victor R. Calvano and Cristian Kovadloff) --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit Read More Read More 2 of 7 Argentines began voting Sunday in a high-stakes midterm election that could help shape libertarian President Javier Milei’s political path — and the future of U.S. financial support for his government. (AP Video by Victor R. Caivano and Cristian Kovadloff) --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit Read More 3 of 7  |  Argentina’s President Javier Milei celebrates after winning in legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) Read More 3 of 7 Argentina’s President Javier Milei celebrates after winning in legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit Read More 4 of 7  |  A woman holds a banner reading in Spanish, “Trump or homeland,” outside former President Cristina Fernandez’s home, where she is serving a six-year house arrest sentence for corruption, after polls closed during legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) Read More 4 of 7 A woman holds a banner reading in Spanish, “Trump or homeland,” outside former President Cristina Fernandez’s home, where she is serving a six-year house arrest sentence for corruption, after polls closed during legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit Read More 5 of 7  |  Supporters of the opposition Peronist party gather at their campaign headquarters in La Plata, Argentina, after polls closed in legislative midterm elections, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025.(AP Photo/Gustavo Garello) Read More 5 of 7 Supporters of the opposition Peronist party gather at their campaign headquarters in La Plata, Argentina, after polls closed in legislative midterm elections, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025.(AP Photo/Gustavo Garello) --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit Read More 6 of 7  |  Argentina’s President Javier Milei votes during legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) Read More 6 of 7 Argentina’s President Javier Milei votes during legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit Read More 7 of 7  |  Argentina’s President Javier Milei greets supporters after winning in legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) Read More 7 of 7 Argentina’s President Javier Milei greets supporters after winning in legislative midterm elections in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit Read More By  ISABEL DEBRE Updated [hour]:[minute] [AMPM] [timezone], [monthFull] [day], [year]   --> Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. --> Share Share Facebook Copy Link copied Print Email X LinkedIn Bluesky Flipboard Pinterest Reddit BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — Argentina’s libertarian President Javier Milei won decisive victories in key districts in midterm elections Sunday, clinching a crucial vote of confidence that strengthens his ability to carry out his radical free-market experiment with billions of dollars in backing from the Trump administration. In the election widely seen as a referendum on Milei’s past two years in office, his upstart La Libertad Avanza party scored over 40% of votes compared with 31% for the left-leaning populist opposition movement, known as Peronism, exceeding analysts’ projections. Milei, a key ideological ally of U.S. President Donald Trump , said his party and allied blocs picked up 14 seats in the Senate and 64 in the lower house of Congress on Sunday, bolstering the government’s support in the legislature enough to uphold presidential vetoes and block impeachment efforts. At La Libertad Avanza headquarters late Sunday in downtown Buenos Aires, a beaming Milei hailed the election sweep as a mandate to press forward with his spending cuts and introduce ambitious tax and labor reforms. The results also automatically position him as a candidate for reelection in 2027. Related Stories Argentines hunting for source of hantavirus outbreak trap rats in southernmost city 3 MIN READ Argentina’s icy outpost at the end of the world fears the hantavirus will chill tourism 5 MIN READ 13 Argentina’s beef consumption falls to lowest level in 20 years as prices soar 4 MIN READ 16 “The Argentine people have decided to leave behind 100 years of decadence,” Milei exulted as his supporters cheered, referring to a succession of Peronist governments that brought Argentina infamy for its inflationary spirals and sovereign debt defaults . AP AUDIO: Milei triumphs in Argentine midterm elections closely watched by Washington AP correspondent Charles de Ledesma reports Argentina’s libertarian President Javier Milei has won decisive victories in key districts across the country in midterm elections. “Today we have passed the turning point. Today we begin the construction of a great Argentina.” Read More High stakes include $40 billion from the U.S. Perhaps never has an Argentine legislative election generated so much interest in Washington and Wall Street. Trump appeared to condition a $20 billion currency swap deal with Argentina’s central bank and an additional $20 billion loan from private banks on a good showing for Milei in national midterms, threatening to rescind the assistance for the cash-strapped country in the event of a Peronist victory. “If he wins we’re staying with him, and if he doesn’t win, we’re gone,” Trump said after welcoming Milei to the White House earlier this month. Those contentious comments added to mounting pressure on Milei, who has scrambled to avert a currency crisis since the Peronist opposition won a landslide victory in Buenos Aires provincial polls last month. Argentina’s bonds and currency nosedived as markets sensed that the public was losing patience with Milei’s reforms and that the midterm race would be tight. To stem the run on the peso, Milei burned through billions of dollars in foreign exchange reserves to shore up the peso. In an extraordinary move, the U.S. Treasury then came to the rescue, selling dollars to help meet soaring demand for greenbacks and finalizing the credit line. In the end, the Peronist alliance performed poorly, underscoring how weak the once-dominant movement has become in the Milei era, largely as a result of internal divisions. Markets were widely expected to rally on Monday. “For foreign investors, this outcome is a relief because it shows that the Milei program can be sustainable,” said Marcelo J. García, the America’s director for the geopolitical risk consultancy Horizon Engage. “It leaves the opposition weakened and fragmented, just as it was when Milei won the presidency in December 2023,” Garcia added. The Peronist coalition has struggled to channel rising public anger with Milei’s painful austerity measures into a new political strategy after delivering the economic shambles that the chain saw-wielding outsider inherited in late 2023. Trump, while on his way to Japan on Monday, posted on Truth Social that Milei was “doing a wonderful job” after his party beat expectations in midterm elections. “Our confidence in him was justified by the People of Argentina,” Trump wrote. Milei responded to Trump’s post, calling him “a great friend” of Argentina and thanking him for “trusting the Argentine people.” A changed electoral map The results showed Milei’s young libertarian party gaining support across the country — including in some surprising corners that have long been under the sway of Peronism. In the closely watched Buenos Aires province, a Peronist stronghold home to nearly 40% of the electorate, La Libertad Avanza eked out a razor-thin victory Sunday. Just last month, the Peronists beat Milei’s party there by a whopping 14 percentage points. Axel Kicillof, governor of Buenos Aires province and the most influential elected official in the Peronist opposition, criticized Trump for putting his thumb on the scale. He warned that the billions of dollars in financial aid from the U.S. Treasury and investment banks would do nothing to help ordinary Argentines squeezed by Milei’s cuts to subsidies or forced out of business by a contracting economy. “I want to make it clear that neither the U.S. government nor JP Morgan are charitable societies,” he said. “If they come to Argentina, it is for nothing other than to take a profit.” With Milei’s efforts to deregulate the economy and scrap tariffs winning over Argentina’s powerful agriculture sector, La Libertad Avanza also swept Santa Fe, which dominates soybean production and processing, and Córdoba, another powerhouse farming province. Risks remain for Milei as austerity hits hard Despite Milei’s new momentum, experts caution that the irascible president still needs to court political allies to see through his agenda. Given the limited number of seats up for grabs in this election, it was mathematically impossible for Milei to secure a majority in either house. “This victory is necessary, but not sufficient to maintain control of Congress,” said political consultant Sergio Berensztein. “The government must build a broad and effective coalition with like-minded forces.” Seeking to capitalize quickly on Sunday’s results, Milei said he called the country’s powerful provincial governors to accelerate agreements on long-term economic reform. Sunday’s outcome will also test public patience for Milei’s cost-cutting measures in the coming months. Although Milei’s budget cuts have significantly driven down inflation — from an annual high of 289% in April 2024 to 32% last month — the price increases still outpace salaries and pensions. The electorate appears increasingly polarized between beneficiaries of Milei’s reforms and those who say they’re struggling to make ends meet like never before. In the financial district of Puerto Madero, luxury car dealerships report sales surging since Milei scrapped import restrictions. Streets bustle with bankers who praise the president for ending a yearslong ban on selling dollars online . Fine restaurants serve Argentine oil executives who gush about his efforts to draw foreign investment . But at a soup kitchen on the other side of Argentina’s Riachuelo River, Epifanía Contreras, 64, said she feels like she’s bearing the brunt of the cutbacks. “You can’t live on 290,000 pesos a month with today’s inflation,” she said, describing how her $200 monthly pension has shriveled in value since Milei cut cost-of-living increases. “The situation is getting worse and worse.” Reflecting widespread public resignation, electoral authorities reported a turnout rate of just under 68% Sunday, among the lowest recorded since the nation’s 1983 return to democracy. Voting is compulsory in Argentina. “I vote out of obligation, nothing more,” said Matías Paredes, 50, a real estate broker whose foreign clientele vanished with Milei’s strong exchange rate. “None of these figures inspire optimism. We’re just choosing the lesser evil.” ___ Associated Press writers Almudena Calatrava and Débora Rey contributed to this report. ISABEL DEBRE DeBre writes about Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay for The Associated Press, based in Buenos Aires. Before moving to South America in 2024, she covered the Middle East reporting from Jerusalem, Cairo and Dubai. twitter mailto Most read 2-time NASCAR champ Kyle Busch dies at 41 after being hospitalized with a ‘severe illness’ 4 MIN READ 60 Backlash to Trump’s $1.8B settlement fund delays GOP immigration bill 5 MIN READ 578 Facing intense internal pressure, DNC releases postelection autopsy that criticizes Kamala Harris 5 MIN READ 890 Trump eases refrigerant rule in a bid to address surging grocery costs 4 MIN READ 233 3 dead in New Mexico and first responders decontaminated after exposure to unknown substance 3 MIN READ 82 The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day. From AP News About Contact Us Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information CA Notice of Collection The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook AP News Code of Conduct From AP News About Contact Us Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information CA Notice of Collection The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook AP News Code of Conduct SECTIONS ap.org Careers Advertise with us AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog Copyright 2026 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. twitter instagram facebook