Decisive win for Milei’s La Libertad Avanza in key midterm election | Buenos Aires Times Thursday, May 21, 2026 Argentina Economy Latin America World Culture Sports Opinion ARGENTINA | 26-10-2025 22:12 Decisive win for Milei’s La Libertad Avanza in key midterm election Milei's La Libertad Avanza (LLA) rebounded from a series of setbacks to perform well in Sunday's midterm elections. James Grainger Editor-in-Chief, Buenos Aires Times. Share this News President Javier Milei. | AFP President Javier Milei won a decisive victory in Sunday's midterm elections, boosting his flagging reform agenda and jumpstarting the second half of his term in office. Milei's La Libertad Avanza (LLA) rebounded from a series of setbacks to take 40.84 percent of the votes cast for members of the lower house Chamber of Deputies and upper house Senate, according to official results based on 90 percent of votes counted. According to partial results, the opposition Fuerza Patria (Peronist) coalition had around 31.64 percent. In third place was Provincias Unidas, a centrist bloc that seeks to break with polarisation and took around seven percent of the vote. The results hand Milei a strengthened hand in Congress, close to the third it needs in both chambers to shield presidential vetoes from being overturned. However, LLLA will have to forge alliances with other forces to advance larger structural reforms. Read more... ‘Diego would defend me,’ says lead suspect in trial over Maradona’s death "God bless Argentina," Milei's spokesman Manuel Adorni wrote on X. As the initial results were released, hundreds of Milei’s supporters gathered outside the Hotel Libertador in Buenos Aires, his party’s headquarters for elections. "I am very happy and excited. I did not expect such a large number," said Facundo Campos, a 38-year-old marketing consultant, as he cheered Milei’s performance.  Read more... Economic activity rebounds: March data shows 3.5% jump "I shouted as if it were the winning goal in Argentina's last World Cup victory," he added. The elections were the first national test of Milei's support since he won office two years ago on a promise to revive the long-ailing Argentine economy through a series of painful reforms. Around alf of the seats in the Chamber of Deputies and one-third of the Senate seats were up for grabs on Sunday. Read more... Argentina’s economy picked up much more than expected in March The run-up to the election was marked by a run on the national currency, the peso, that forced Milei to seek a bailout from US President Donald Trump. Washington promised an unprecedented US$40-billion package of aid, but the assistance came with a warning from Trump to Argentines that he would not "be generous" if Sunday's election did not go Milei's way.   – TIMES/AFP related news Milei government secures lower house passage of 'Ley Hojarasca' deregulation law Argentina’s surge in foreign reserves risks reigniting inflation Argentina's Army barters quince for pick-up truck parts Argentina's exports surge, trade surplus topped US$2.7 billion in April In this news personalities: Javier Milei topics: Argentina Election Results Buenos Aires Milei La Libertad Avanza Lla Peronism Fuerza Patria Comments More in (in spanish) Quién es el hermano de Adorni imputado por enriquecimiento y lavado Horóscopo Marie Claire: las predicciones semanales para todos los signos Bianca, la hija de Soy Rada, deslumbró en los Martín Fierro con un vestido de su propia cápsula Fiat crece en España: aumento del 37% en ventas a empresas Previous news of "Argentina" Milei’s party wins Argentina midterm vote in major comeback Argentina election results: President Javier Milei emerges strengthened from midterms Polling stations close in key midterm elections that will define Milei's future At least nine dead, 30 injured as coach plunges off bridge in Misiones road crash Argentines cast ballots in make-or-break midterm for Milei Most viewed 1 Embattled Bolivia leader Rodrigo Paz promises 'to listen' to protesters 2 Argentina's exports surge, trade surplus topped US$2.7 billion in April 3 Argentina’s Navy signs agreement with United States to boost South Atlantic vigilance 4 Argentine scientist wins global award for her work on ‘drought-resistant’ crops 5 Colegio Nacional de Monserrat, historic Córdoba school, set for first female director in 339 years Ads Space Most viewed of Perfil 1 Ley de Equidad Jubilatoria: primer fallo de fondo declara inconstitucional quita de haberes a jubilados 2 Receta electrónica de PAMI: cómo funciona el sistema digital para retirar medicamentos en las farmacias 3 Qué ver en Netflix tras el final de "Outlander": series y películas de época para seguir con el drama histórico 4 “Grey’s Anatomy” tendrá un spin-off: por qué plataforma se emitirá y cuáles serán los nuevos personajes 5 Uno por uno, a quiénes salpicó Manuel Adorni desde que se filtró la foto de Nueva York Ads Space Ads Space Ads Space Diario Perfil Caras Marie Claire Noticias Fortuna Hombre Parabrisas Supercampo Weekend Look Luz Mía batimes.perfil.com - Editorial Perfil S.A. | © Perfil.com 2006-2026 - All rights reserved Intellectual Property Registry Number 5346433 Address: California 2715 , C1289ABI , CABA, Argentina | Phone: (+5411) 7091-4921 / (+5411) 7091-4922 | E-mail: [email protected]