Milei wins Argentina’s midterm elections with more than 40% of the vote | International | EL PAÍS English Skip to content _ _ _ _ Select: - - - España América México Colombia Chile Argentina US Español US English International subscribe H HOLA LOG IN International Mexico China Latest News Elections in Argentina Milei wins Argentina’s midterm elections with more than 40% of the vote The far right bounced back from its defeat two months ago in Buenos Aires against Peronism and scored solid results in major provinces such as Córdoba, Mendoza, Santa Fe, and Entre Ríos Argentina President Javier Milei celebrates the results of the legislative elections on Sunday. Cristina Sille (REUTERS) Federico Rivas Molina Buenos Aires - Oct 27, 2025 - 09:40 CET Share on Whatsapp Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Desplegar Redes Sociales Prefer EL PAÍS on Google Compartir: Whatsapp Facebook Twitter Bluesky Linkedin Copy link Javier Milei won Argentina’s legislative elections on Sunday with 40.8% of the votes. It was an unexpectedly large victory, which the far-right leader hailed as historic. Milei had plenty of reasons to celebrate. After four months of turmoil for the Argentine government — with the economy dependent on a financial bailout from U.S. President Donald Trump , high-profile corruption scandals , and even candidates disqualified for links to drug trafficking — it had feared winning closer to 30% than 40% of the vote. Milei even celebrated a narrow victory in Buenos Aires province, where just two months ago, in the provincial legislative elections, he had lost to Peronism — the dominant political movement in Argentina founded by former president Juan Domingo Perón that blends nationalism, social justice, and strong state involvement in the economy — by more than 14 points. The far-right also won decisively in the capital and in large provinces such as Córdoba, Mendoza, Entre Ríos, and Santa Fe. “Today the people decided to leave behind 100 years of decline; today the construction of a great Argentina begins,” Milei said in his first victory speech. The president thanked his ministers one by one, including those who had already resigned, such as Foreign Minister Gerardo Werthein and Justice Minister Mariano Cuneo Libarona, and then called for unity with the opposition. “As of December 10, we will have 101 deputies instead of 37,” said Milei. “And in the Senate, we will go from six senators to 20. As of December 10, we will have the most reformist Congress in Argentine history. We are pleased to know that in many provinces, the second-largest force is not Kirchnerism [a left-wing branch of Peronism inspired by former presidents Néstor and Cristina Kirchner that emphasizes social welfare programs and state intervention], but rather the provincial ruling parties, rational forces that know that one plus one equals two. That is why we invited the governors to discuss these agreements.” Milei took the stage wearing a suit and tie, not his usual black leather jacket — “dressed like a president,” as he often says — and his tone was calm. The Buenos Aires result explains much of the far-right’s triumph. It is the largest district in the country, with nearly 40% of the national electorate, and overturning the previous defeat to Peronism had not been within even the government’s most optimistic forecasts. La Libertad Avanza (Freedom Advances) hadn’t even been able to include a photo of its candidate, Diego Santilli, on the ballot in that district because Milei’s original choice, José Luis Espert, resigned amid alleged corruption without enough time to reprint them. The governor of Buenos Aires and president of the opposition party, Axel Kicillof (center), speaks with his candidates after the election results are announced. Luciano González (Anadolu/Getty Images) The government built its campaign around fear of a return of Peronism in its Kirchnerist form. Donald Trump helped fuel that strategy: two weeks ago, he said that the $40 billion he offered to Milei — $20 billion in a currency-swap arrangement and the rest as private credit — depended on a far-right victory. He later toned down his comments, but the mere suggestion caused Argentine bonds to collapse and the peso to depreciate . If the goal was to instill fear among voters, it worked remarkably well. Peronism in all its forms unexpectedly lost in 18 of Argentina’s 24 provinces, taking 31.7% of the vote, a figure that could rise slightly when smaller allied groups are counted. The result will allow the movement to retain its 99 seats in the lower house come December, but it risks losing its status as the largest minority if La Libertad Avanza adds its 80 deputies to the 24 from Pro, the party of former president Mauricio Macri (2015–2019). In the Senate, Peronism fared worse: it will hold 28 seats, down from 34, while La Libertad Avanza will grow from six to 18 senators. The big losers were the six governors who unsuccessfully tried to create an alternative to both the far-right and Peronism under the banner of a new coalition called United Provinces. Their goal was to act as power brokers in a polarized Congress, but the eight deputies they won will not be enough. Judging by the results, the votes they sought appear to have gone to the far right. A war between good and evil Milei’s strategy of framing the election as a battle between good, represented by himself, and evil, meaning Kirchnerism, proved successful. According to political scientist Juan Negri of Torcuato Di Tella University, polarization led “a large part of the population to prefer voting for Milei over the return of Peronism.” “Peronism, moreover, doesn’t convey the image of an opposition with a forward-looking plan — it just insists that everything Milei does is wrong. His success in the September elections in Buenos Aires Province seems to have mobilized many anti-Peronist voters,” Negri said. According to the final count, voter turnout rose by nine points compared to the provincial election in Buenos Aires. Despite the victory, Milei will now have to go into “recalculating” mode. He does not have a congressional majority and will need to build new internal alliances. “Milei’s main challenge is to quickly restructure his Cabinet and show that he can build political bridges to ensure governability in the last two years of his term, which will undoubtedly be the most difficult,” says Patricio Giusto, director of the consulting firm Diagnóstico Político. “Secondly, he must stop delaying the redesign of the economic program, which is currently being propped up artificially by an emergency bailout from the U.S. Treasury.” Supporters of the La Libertad Avanza party celebrate the results while watching Javier Milei's speech on Sunday in Buenos Aires. Tobias Skarlovnik (Getty Images) Milei had framed election day as a fight for political survival, an all-or-nothing gamble unusual for a midterm election that typically serves only as a barometer of public sentiment toward the government of the day. But this is no ordinary political cycle for Argentina. Milei came to power two years ago with barely any representation in Congress, without a single provincial governor of his own, and with a team lacking both technical capacity and political experience. He hoped, therefore, that the ballot box would grant him some breathing room in his daily struggle to govern. And he achieved that — despite the storms. Since June, corruption allegations have dogged his sister, Karina Milei, and he even had to sacrifice his main congressional candidate in Buenos Aires over links to a businessman imprisoned for drug trafficking. The economy began to falter in step with the scandals. With no international reserves, investors fled Argentine bonds and the peso collapsed. Combined with the economic paralysis brought on by austerity measures, public sentiment shifted sharply . Milei then clung to Donald Trump’s promises of help. And in September, his party was defeated in Buenos Aires. The series of calamities could hardly have been worse. Now, the government can claim to be back on its feet. A restrained Milei has called for building alliances with what he called the “rational” opposition — a move explicitly requested by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), which in April granted Argentina yet another $20 billion loan. It is also a condition coming directly from Washington. For the United States, Argentina is now viewed as an unconditional ally in the region. “I would rather extend a swap line than be shooting at the boats carrying drugs […] coming out of Venezuela,” said Scott Bessent on Sunday. Attention has also turned to former president Mauricio Macri (2015–2019), a key far-right ally who had distanced himself after tensions with the presidency. Macri voted on Sunday around noon and reminded reporters that Milei “has my phone number” and can call him anytime after Monday. “I’m available to discuss how to ensure governability and contribute to change, but we haven’t talked about ministers. If Milei needs something, he’ll call,” he said at the polling station. Macri’s reference to possible cabinet changes was no coincidence: three current ministers must leave their posts in December to take up seats in Congress. The rivalry between Milei’s top adviser, Santiago Caputo, and his sister Karina Milei is another burden weighing on his libertarian administration. So far, Milei has kept the dispute — between his chief strategist and the woman who is not only his most powerful official but also his emotional anchor — swept under the rug. But as of Monday, he will no longer be able to postpone addressing it. Each represents competing factions within the government, which at times has been paralyzed by ministers and secretaries fearful of being casualties in the infighting. In any case, Milei will not be the same after this Monday. Argentine President Javier Milei (right) and his adviser Santiago Caputo greet their supporters after the polls closed. Rodrigo Abd (AP/LaPresse) Sign up for our weekly newsletter to get more English-language news coverage from EL PAÍS USA Edition Sign up to EL PAÍS US Edition bulletin International El País in English on Facebook International El País in English on Twitter More information Argentina’s peso slumps despite Trump’s financial aid for Milei Javier Lorca | Buenos Aires Milei performs at rock concert in front of 15,000 people to save the election campaign Federico Rivas Molina / Mar Centenera | Buenos Aires Archived In Argentina Javier Milei La Libertad Avanza Adheres to More information If you are interested in licensing this content, click here _ Últimas noticias 21:58 How long can a civilization survive before it collapses? ‘Stable utopias are the least likely scenarios’ 21:20 False memories: Why our mind reconstructs the past 20:37 Why are there more top grades at university? ChatGPT is to blame 18:27 Caro Claire Burke, writer: ‘Tradwives were the first sign of a sociopolitical shift in the United States’ Most viewed Steven Soderbergh brings us John Lennon’s Last Interview ‘Sodomized’ gargoyles beside Spain’s world-famous Santiago Cathedral: The ‘aberration’ only the public noticed Underinvestment, crumbling walls and rave parties: Spain doesn’t know what to do with its castles Takeshi Yoro, anatomist: ‘In Japan, we don’t see a robot as a threat: it’s simply another form of presence in the world’ ICE arrests former Kansas mayor who illegally voted for Trump in the 2024 election Recomendaciones EL PAÍS Cursos Centros Francés online Inglés online Italiano online Alemán online Crucigramas & Juegos Cursos cursos Máster en Project Management cursos Máster en Diseño de Interiores cursos Máster Universitario en Dirección Logística cursos Curso Diseño Gráfico Centros cursosonline Máster en Neurociencia cursosonline Máster Universitario en Escritura Creativa cursosonline Máster en Enfermería Forense y Criminal cursosonline Máster Universitario en Terapias Psicológicas de Tercera Generación Francés online cursosingles Mejora tu francés con una Learning Serie. cursosingles Episodios diarios, culturales y personalizados. cursosingles Evaluación de nivel y certificado pedagógico al acabar la formación. cursosingles Prueba 7 días gratis y sin compromiso. Inglés online cursosingles Mejora tu inglés con con una Learning Serie. cursosingles Episodios diarios, culturales y personalizados. cursosingles Evaluación de nivel y certificado pedagógico al acabar la formación. cursosingles Prueba 7 días gratis y sin compromiso. Italiano online cursosingles Mejora tu italiano con una Learning Serie. cursosingles Episodios diarios, culturales y personalizados. cursosingles Evaluación de nivel y certificado pedagógico al acabar la formación. cursosingles Prueba 7 días gratis y sin compromiso. Alemán online cursosingles Mejora tu alemán con una Learning Serie. cursosingles Episodios diarios, culturales y personalizados. cursosingles Evaluación de nivel y certificado pedagógico al acabar la formación. cursosingles Prueba 7 días gratis y sin compromiso. Crucigramas & Juegos juegos Crucigramas minis juegos Crucigramas Tarkus juegos Sudokus mini juegos Sopas de letras Recomendaciones EL PAÍS Cursos Centros Italiano online Francés online Alemán online Crucigramas & Juegos Cursos cursos Máster en Psicología General cursos Máster en IA for Business cursos Máster en Dirección de Recursos Humanos cursos Maestría en Criminología Centros cursosonline DIRECTORIO DE CENTROS DE FORMACIÓN cursosonline MBA & Máster en Finanzas cursosonline MBA en Gestión de Salud cursosonline Licenciatura en Administración de Empresas Turísticas y Sustentabilidad - En línea Italiano online cursosingles Mejora tu italiano con una Learning Serie. cursosingles Episodios diarios, culturales y personalizados. cursosingles Evaluación de nivel y certificado pedagógico al acabar la formación. cursosingles Prueba 7 días gratis y sin compromiso. Francés online cursosingles Mejora tu francés con una Learning Serie. cursosingles Episodios diarios, culturales y personalizados. cursosingles Evaluación de nivel y certificado pedagógico al acabar la formación. cursosingles Prueba 7 días gratis y sin compromiso. Alemán online cursosingles Mejora tu alemán con una Learning Serie. cursosingles Episodios diarios, culturales y personalizados. cursosingles Evaluación de nivel y certificado pedagógico al acabar la formación. cursosingles Prueba 7 días gratis y sin compromiso. Crucigramas & Juegos juegos ¡Disfruta con nuestros Crucigramas para expertos! juegos Palabra secreta juegos Juega a nuestros Sudoku medio y mejora día a día tu nivel juegos Juega a las nuevas Sopas de letras clásicas y temáticas de EL PAÍS _ _ HOLA Subscribe for € 1 My activity My Subscription My personal data My newsletters Rights and de-registration Events and experiences Asistente Vera IA logout Close change contrast: Buscar Select: - - - España América México Colombia Chile Argentina US Español US English If you want to follow all the latest news without any limits, subscribe to EL PAÍS for just €1 the first month SUBSCRIBE NOW International U.S. Economy And Business Science Health Technology Climate People Lifestyle Opinion Culture Sports EPS Latest News Newsletter Follow on: El País in English on Facebook El País in English on Twitter El País in English on Youtube El País in English on Instagram Close